#脚本的响应事件与组件访问

继承关系
---
Object <--- GameObject +-- GameObject +-- Component
         |
         |- Component <--- Behavior <--- Animation
         |              |             |- Camera
         |              |             |- Light
         |              |             |- MonoBehavior
         |              |
         |              |- Renderer <--- MeshRenderer
         |              |             |- ParticleRenderer
         |              |
         |              |- Collider
         |              |- Joint
         |              |- MeshFilter
         |              |- Rigidbody
         |              |- Transform
         |
         |- Material
         |- Mesh   
         |- Texture
         |- Shader
         |- ScriptableObject

* Object
    * hideFlags
    * name
    * Destroy()
    * Instantiate()

* GameObject
    * tag:  The tag of this game object.
    * transform:  The Transform attached to this GameObject. (null if there is none attached).
    * GetComponent():  Returns the component of Type type if the game object has one attached, null if it doesn't.
    * SendMessage():  Calls the method named methodName on every MonoBehaviour in this game object.
    
    * AddComponent()
    * SetActive()
    * Find()/FindWithTag()/FindGameObjectWithTag()

* Component
    * tag:  The tag of this game object.
    * transform:  The Transform attached to this GameObject (null if there is none attached).
    * GetComponent():  Returns the component of Type type if the game object has one attached, null if it doesn't.
    * SendMessage():  Calls the method named methodName on every MonoBehaviour in this game object.

    * gameObject:  The game object this component is attached to. A component is always attached to a game object.

* ScriptableObject
    * CreateInstance()
    * OnDestroy()
    * OnDisable()
    * OnEnable()

* Behavior
    * enabled:  Enabled Behaviours are Updated, disabled Behaviours are not.

* MonoBehavior
    * Invoke()/CancelInvoke():  Invokes the method methodName in time seconds.
    * StartCoroutine():  Starts a coroutine.

* Transform
    * childCount:  The number of children the Transform has.
    * forward:  The blue axis of the transform in world space.
    * localPosition:  Position of the transform relative to the parent transform.
    * position:  The position of the transform in world space.
    * LookAt():  Rotates the transform so the forward vector points at /target/'s current position.


组件的Enable和Disable
---
####enabled
    meshRenderer.enabled = !meshRenderer.enabled

####OnEnable OnDisable, OnDestroy 
用于保存资源状态，OnEnable时存储资源状态，运行时修改资源，OnDisable时


Message响应事件
---
[Execution Order of Event Functions](http://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/ExecutionOrder.html)

###启动与刷新函数
* Reset
* Awake
* Start
* FixedUpdate
* Update
* LateUpdate

###交互函数
OnXXX

####物理 Physics
* OnTriggerEnter
* OnTriggerExit
* OnTriggerStay

* OnCollisionEnter
* OnCollisionExit
* OnCollisionStay
* OnControllerColliderHit

* OnJointBreak
* OnParticleCollision

####交互 Input
* OnMouseEnter
* OnMouseOver
* OnMouseExit
* OnMouseDown
* OnMouseUp
* OnMouseDrag
* OnMouseUpAsButton

####渲染 Render
* OnGUI
* OnDrawGizmos
* OnDrawGizmosSelected
* OnPreCull
* OnPreRender
* OnPostRender
* OnRenderObject
* OnWillRenderObject
* OnRenderImage

####对象 Object
* OnEnable
* OnDisable
* OnDestroy

####场景 Scene
* OnLevelWasLoaded

####程序 Application
* OnApplicationPause
* OnApplicationFocus
* OnApplicationQuit

####网络 Network
* OnPlayerConnected
* OnServerInitialized
* OnConnectedToServer
* OnPlayerDisconnected
* OnDisconnectedFromServer
* OnFailedToConnect
* OnFailedToConnectToMasterServer
* OnMasterServerEvent
* OnNetworkInstantiate
* OnSerializeNetworkView

####动画 Animator
* OnAnimatorMove
* OnAnimatorIK

####声音 Audio
* OnAudioFilterRead


物理引擎用与碰撞检测
---

###物理计算
* 牛顿第二定律: F = m * a
* 冲量定理: I = F * t = (v1 - v0) * m

* Collider
    * **Is Trigger**  If enabled, this Collider is used for triggering events, and is ignored by the physics engine. 如果勾选上，则不在物理引擎的计算范围内，不影响其他物体运动，但仍会受到Gravity作用。

* Rigidbody
    * **Use Gravity**  If enabled, the object is affected by gravity.
    * **Is Kinematic**  If enabled, the object will not be driven by the physics engine, and can only be manipulated by its Transform. This is useful for moving platforms or if you want to animate a Rigidbody that has a HingeJoint attached.

    * AddForce 
        * Accelaration:
        * Force:  Accelaration = Force / Mass
        
        * VelocityChange: 
        * Impulse:  VelocityChange = Impuls * Time.deltaTime / Mass

冲量定理: F * t = m * deltaV
Force:          deltaV = X * t / m
Accelaration:   deltaV = X * t
Impulse:        deltaV = X / m
VelocityChange: deltaV = X


###碰撞检测
碰撞体类型
###not trigger
* Static Collider
* Rigidbody Collider
* Kinematic Rigidbody Collider

####trigger
* Static Trigger Collider
* Rigidbody Trigger Collider
* Kinematic Rigidbody Trigger Collider
